Privacy Policy of Baby's First App / Baby's First App Pro Key
This Application(s) does not collect any Personal Data from its Users.

No personal data are collected beyond the minimum necessary for each specific purpose for which it is processed
No personal data are retained beyond the minimum necessary for each specific purpose for which it is processed	
No personal data are processed for purposes other than the purposes for which they were collected
No personal data are disclosed to commercial third parties	
No personal data are sold or rented out	
No personal data are sold or disclosed for commercial gain
No personal data are retained in unencrypted form
No personal data are retained in an unencrypted form


This privacy statement sets out how the application owner and developers of Baby's First App uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this application.

The application owner and developers of Baby's First App is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this application, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

The application owner and developers of Baby's First App does not collect or retain personal data from casual users to our applications. We do not use advertising services and we have not and will not share  data we collect with advertisers or anyone else.

We are not affiliated to any behavioural advertising "opt-out" program because we do not collect, or enable to be collected, any behavioural tracking data. One of our competitors has claimed we support this program but we do not, we are in fact completely focussed on creating technology that enables responsible companies to offer their application visitors the highest level of privacy and data protection.



How we use temporary storage on your device

We use local storage on your device to store specific, non-personal data for use by the application. This data is stored entirely withon your device and not transmitted to our servers. We do not store or use any unique identifiers in temporary storage on your device or anywhere else, and do not track or target you in any way.


Links to other applications

Baby's First App may contain links to other applications of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our application, you should note that we do not have any control over that other application. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such applications and such applications are not governed by this privacy statement, namely the Google Play Store. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the application in question.




Service Cancellation by Customer who has paid using a Credit Card.

Service cancellations received within 14 days of payment may be eligible to receive a full refund. Cancellations will be accepted via phone, Google Wallet, or e-mail, and must be received by the stated cancellation deadline. All refund requests must be made by the credit card holder. Refund requests must include the name of the customer and/or transaction number. Refunds will be credited back to the original credit card used for payment.

We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties

We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required by law to do so.

We may disclose personal information within the development team of Baby's First App but solely for the purposes of fulfilling contractual requirements, maintaining the business and to ensure that the most appropriate individual is party to such information.



The application owner and developers of Baby's First App may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from April 15th 2014.

You may request details of any personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to dberm22@gmail.com

If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
